why hello there I see you caught me with
my house welcome party people
this bit of the day summer edition if
you're like me you may be wondering hey
dude what are you wearing I asked myself
the same thing every day
you know this bit of the day outfit is
more like a I'm going to the beach I'm
going to the pool
I'm chilling like a villain I'm not
trying to impress anyone but on the cool
I kind of am a little bit just in case
that lifeguard he's hot
we're starting off with up top we have
this all-over print Hawaiian snapback
black brim this thing is by sans son
one size fits all with the snaps right
here this bad boy was $2.00 at a thrift
store now moving down the body this
Volcom tank top which was $10 and Ross
like a boss third of all we have some
random swim trunks I found at a thrift
store so if you're like me and you like
what you see up top but you're wondering
what's going on at the bottom I'm about
to show you right now but first so far
they're accessorize your outfit it's
summertime you got to rock some dope
shades these bad boys were a dollar out
of garage sale and also you gotta be
packing heat okay some some group with
bugs on their bikes rolls up to the pool
and he's trying to pop some super soaker
cats up your bathing suit wedgied ass
now this is the part where I'm hopping
backwards like a frog
see these fresh kicks somewhere these
vans maybe latter some just some dirty
white vans no siree Bob
these bad boys I call the sons ride
salmon's now these were actually red
authentic vans at one time back in the
Jurassic era and I believe show paints
forth the dawn of the birthing of the
sun dried salmon Vance
I threw some black laces in their car
left at peak up here you know got I got
to keep it salmon and yes so these are
like wear shoes they're just dug shoes
to get dirty to take to the beach to
take some pool so a sundry yourself some
Salmons so basically this is the whole
fit I'm going to just walk around and
buggy and
other key to optimizing cool points is
to always swim with the head on and also
swimming shades yeah ain't douchey if
you ain't wearing shades and remember
people always wear the hat in the shades
be sure to LIKE comment and subscribe
and you haven't already check out my
second YouTube channel pursue hydro
dynamics as an extra means of earning
income and once again have fun with your
attire this has been your host with the
most Paul Kerr - thanks for watching my
first fit of the day there more coming
and they're gonna be fun and they gonna
be fly and I'll be sexy and I'ma be huh
my shake just kidding don't do drugs
kids they're bad for you I just got
stabbed by that plant